https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/addresses/active_count active_addresses v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/addresses/sending_count sending_addresses v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/addresses/receiving_count receiving_addresses v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/addresses/new_non_zero_count new_addresses v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/addresses/count total_addresses v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/block_height block_height v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/block_count block_mined v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/block_interval_mean mean_block_interval v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/block_interval_median median_block_interval v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/block_size_sum block_size_total v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/block_size_mean block_size_mean v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/utxo_created_count utxo_created v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/utxo_spent_count utxo_spent v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/utxo_count utxo_count v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/utxo_created_value_sum utxo_value_created v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/utxo_created_value_mean utxo_value_created_mean v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/utxo_created_value_median utxo_value_created_median v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/utxo_spent_value_sum utxo_value_spent v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/utxo_spent_value_mean utxo_value_spent_mean v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/utxo_spent_value_median utxo_value_spent_median v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/fees/volume_sum fees v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/fees/volume_mean fees_mean v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/fees/volume_median fees_median v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/indicators/pi_cycle_top pi_cycle_top_SMA111 ma111 pi_cycle_top_SMA350X2 ma350x2
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/indicators/difficulty_ribbon difficulty_ribbon_ma128 ma128 difficulty_ribbon_ma14 ma14 difficulty_ribbon_ma200 ma200 difficulty_ribbon_ma25 ma25 difficulty_ribbon_ma40 ma40 difficulty_ribbon_ma60 ma60 difficulty_ribbon_ma9 ma9 difficulty_ribbon_ma90 ma90
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/indicators/sopr sopr v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/indicators/stock_to_flow_ratio stock_to_flow_ratio v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/institutions/purpose_etf_holdings_sum purpose_etf_holdings_sum v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/institutions/purpose_etf_flows_sum purpose_etf_flows_sum v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/market/marketcap_usd market_cap v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/market/price_usd_ohlc open o.o high o.h low o.l close o.c
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/market/price_drawdown_relative price_drawdown_relative v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/mining/difficulty_latest mining_difficulty v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/mining/hash_rate_mean hash_rate v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/supply/current circulating_supply v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/supply/active_more_1y_percent supply_last_active_1plus_year_ago v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/transactions/count transaction_count v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/transactions/rate transaction_rate v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/transactions/size_sum transaction_size v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/transactions/size_mean transaction_size_mean v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/transactions/transfers_volume_sum transfer_volume v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/transactions/transfers_volume_mean transfer_volume_mean v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/transactions/transfers_volume_median transfer_volume_median v