https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/addresses/active_count active_addresses_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/addresses/sending_count sending_addresses_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/addresses/receiving_count receiving_addresses_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/addresses/new_non_zero_count new_addresses_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/addresses/count total_addresses_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/block_height block_height_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/block_count block_mined_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/block_interval_mean mean_block_interval_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/block_interval_median median_block_interval_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/block_size_sum block_size_total_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/blockchain/block_size_mean block_size_mean_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/eth2/staking_deposits_count staking_deposits_count_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/eth2/staking_volume_sum staking_volume_sum_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/eth2/staking_validators_count staking_validators_count_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/eth2/staking_total_deposits_count staking_total_deposits_count_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/eth2/staking_total_volume_sum staking_total_volume_sum_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/eth2/staking_total_validators_count staking_total_validators_count_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/eth2/staking_phase_0_goal_percent staking_phase_0_goal_percent_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/fees/volume_sum fees_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/fees/volume_mean fees_mean_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/fees/volume_median fees_median_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/indicators/sopr sopr_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/fees/gas_used_sum gas_used_sum_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/fees/gas_used_mean gas_used_mean_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/fees/gas_used_median gas_used_median_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/fees/gas_limit_tx_mean gas_limit_tx_mean_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/fees/gas_limit_tx_median gas_limit_tx_median_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/fees/gas_price_mean gas_price_mean_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/fees/gas_price_median gas_price_median_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/market/marketcap_usd market_cap_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/market/price_usd_ohlc open_ETH o.o high_ETH o.h low_ETH o.l close_ETH o.c
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/market/price_drawdown_relative price_drawdown_relative_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/mining/difficulty_latest mining_difficulty_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/mining/hash_rate_mean hash_rate_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/supply/current circulating_supply_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/transactions/count transaction_count_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/transactions/rate transaction_rate_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/transactions/transfers_count transfers_count_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/transactions/transfers_rate transfers_rate_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/transactions/transfers_volume_sum transfer_volume_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/transactions/transfers_volume_mean transfer_volume_mean_ETH v
https://api.glassnode.com/v1/metrics/transactions/transfers_volume_median transfer_volume_median_ETH v